.. Review the README on instructions to contribute.
.. Static objects, such as figures, should be stored in the _static directory. Review the _static/README on instructions to contribute.
.. Do not remove the comments that describe each section. They are included to provide guidance to contributors.
.. Do not remove other content provided in the templates, such as a section. Instead, comment out the content and include comments to explain the situation. For example:
	- If a section within the template is not needed, comment out the section title and label reference. Do not delete the expected section title, reference or related comments provided from the template.
    - If a file cannot include a title (surrounded by ampersands (#)), comment out the title from the template and include a comment explaining why this is implemented (in addition to applying the ``title`` directive).

.. This is the label that can be used for cross referencing this file.
.. Recommended title label format is "Directory Name"-"Title Name"  -- Spaces should be replaced by hyphens.
.. _Data-Products-DP0-1-Data-Products:
.. Each section should include a label for cross referencing to a given area.
.. Recommended format for all labels is "Title Name"-"Section Name" -- Spaces should be replaced by hyphens.
.. To reference a label that isn't associated with an reST object such as a title or figure, you must include the link and explicit title using the syntax :ref:`link text <label-name>`.
.. A warning will alert you of identical labels during the linkcheck process.

###################
DP0.1 Data Products
###################

.. This section should provide a brief, top-level description of the page.

An overview of the DP0.1 data products.

.. _DP0-1-Data-Products-Introduction:

The DESC DC2 Data Set
=====================

The data set adopted for DP0 is from the simulated, LSST-like images generated by the Dark Energy Science Collaboration (DESC) for their Data Challenge 2 (DC2; arXiv:2010.05926). 
DP0 only uses the 300 square degrees of images simulated for five years of the LSST's wide-fast-deep (WFD) component (also called the main survey) with a baseline cadence (a fiducial observing strategy).
For more information about the LSST regions and cadence see `Ivezic et al. (2019) <https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2019ApJ...873..111I/abstract>`_. 

Simulated Objects and Images
----------------------------

The DC2's WFD simulated images include stars, galaxies, and Type Ia supernovae.
Galaxies are distributed with realistic large-scale structure; Type Ia supernovae are planted proportional to host galaxy light; and 10% of the stars have simulated periodic or non-periodic variability.
Milky Way dust extinction and reddening are also included. 

Note that DP0.1 does not use any of the DC2's simulated deep drilling fields (DDFs), which are the only image types with simulated AGN or strong lenses.
No solar system objects were simulated for DC2, nor were other extragalactic transients such as tidal disruption events or kilonovae, nor diffuse features such as tidal streams and intracluster light.

The DESC simulated the DC2 images using the `imSim <https://github.com/LSSTDESC/imSim>`__ package.

Image Processing
----------------

The DESC processed the simulated DC2 images with `Version 19 <https://pipelines.lsst.io/v/v19_0_0/index.html>`_ of the LSST Science Pipelines.
DP0.1 makes the DESC's DC2 images and catalogs available to RSP users with no further processing.
For DP0.2, the Rubin Data Production team will reprocess the same images with the most up-to-date version of the LSST Science Pipelines, and make the results available in mid-2022.

Read more about how the DC2 images were processed:

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1
    :glob:
    :titlesonly:

    data-processing/index
    


.. _DP0-1-Data-Products-DPDD:

DP0.1 Data Products Definition Document (DPDD)
==============================================

Future data previews and Operations-era data releases will produce images and catalogs that more closely resemble the plan laid out in the DPDD (`ls.st/dpdd <https://ls.st/dpdd/>`_). 


.. _DP0-1-Data-Products-DPDD-Images:

Images
------

| *MLG Notes:*
| - *Overview of the image types, processed visit images and coadds, and the tract and patch strucutre.*


.. _DP0-1-Data-Products-DPDD-Catalogs:

Catalogs
--------

| *MLG Notes:*
| - *Overview of the three catalogs from the data processing, position, ref, and forced source.*
| - *Link to full schema and a curated list of useful columns for each catalog, DPDD-style.*
| - *Overview of the two catalogs also from the DESC DC2 Data Release: Object and Truth-Match.*
| - *Link to full schema for each catalog, DPDD-style, like in the release note (or just point to release note's appendices).*




.. _DP0-1-Data-Products-Visualization:

Visualization
=============

*MLG Note: not sure that this is needed?* 

This section includes information about data visualization.

.. _DP0-1-Data-Products-User-Generated:

User Generated Data Products and Processing
===========================================

*MLG Note: not sure that this is needed?* 

This section includes information on user generated data products and user generated data processing.
